Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Escucha esta producción varias veces hasta que la entiendas bien.
Recuerda que la meta es que puedas comprender la historia sin ver la lectura.
Chapter 3: The successful politician Early beginnings In 2015,
Doctor Ben Carson, celebrated for his groundbreaking
work as a neurosurgeon, ventured into the political
arena with the aim of securing the Republican nomination
for president of the United States.
He smelled the opportunity in the in the air.
Nevertheless, not once did he underestimate the
challenges he would face in this highly competitive race.
One could feel it was going to be extremely tough because
he would have to compete against candidates such as Donald
Trump, Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz.
Controversial issues.
Doctor Carson had strong and clear opinions on
controversial issues on abortion.
He was firmly pro-life, advocating for the protection
of unborn children.
He believed that life begins at conception and opposed
abortion except in cases where the mother's life was at risk
On drug policy, Carson supported a tough stance
on illegal drugs, but also emphasized the importance
of addressing addiction through rehabilitation rather than
solely through punitive measures.
Campaign events As the campaign progressed, Dr.
Carson was often seen at various events delivering speeches
and participating in debates.
He used to emphasize his outsider perspective and medical
expertise, hoping to appeal to voters who valued
these traits.
Doctor Carson would often reflect on his experiences as a
neurosurgeon during his campaign.
He saw that the competition was fierce setbacks and
withdrawal.
In March 2016, following a disappointing Super
Tuesday performance, Carson decided to suspend
his campaign.
His decision was influenced by the realization that he was
unlikely to secure the nomination due to his inability to
compete effectively against his better funded and more
politically connected rivals.
After all, he had been a neurosurgeon all his
life and not a politician like the others.
Never had he faced such a challenging political environment.
And so he tasted the bitterness of defeat early in the
race.
Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
In 2017, Doctor Carson got appointed as the Secretary
of Housing and Urban Development, HUD by President
Donald Trump.
There were speculations about how Carson might get another
chance to run for office again in the future,
whether as a senator or in another significant role.
His political career, characterized by how he
got to transition from a renowned neurosurgeon to a public
servant, showcased how he got used to his new
role and the challenges it brought.
This transition showed how Doctor Carson got to adapt and
thrive in a completely different field.
Demonstrating his versatility and commitment to public
service.